c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\TwitterArt.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\TwitterArt.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\TwitterArt.xap
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\obj\Debug\TwitterArt.g.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\obj\Debug\TwitterArt.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\obj\Debug\TwitterArt.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\Images\angryFace.png
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\Images\happyFace.png
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\Images\nuetralFace.png
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\Images\sadFace.png
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\Images\loadingFace.png
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\tile.png
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\tileSm.png
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TwitterArt\TwitterArt\Bin\Debug\SplashScreenImage.jpg
